We Need to Talk so little video pre
script ecology should have made that
video after on straps like we're getting
ready to go to church and stuff and it
would have looked really nicer and I'm
all cleaned up now but I think kind of
the point is to document and not create
and rather guy show you guys like my
crazy hair in the morning and talk about
my business then then try and make
something more prim and polished so
here's the talk I gave earlier I guess
so the kids woke me up super early today
and I had no intention of making a video
but it is it looks much warmer out than
it actually is and one of the things
with documenting and not creating is
deciding to just kind of do business
updates and talk about what I'm doing in
my business what's going on progress I'm
making things I'm working on so I've
calendar doubt my entire year for this
business and really committed to the
process and what that really looks like
is a strong focus on search engine
optimization you know being found in
Google I can't run a company where I do
SEO for other people and then not have
really strong search results for myself
right like I need to be my own best case
study so what that ends up looking like
is a lot of link outreach a lot of
writing a lot of guest posting like I'm
never not writing I'm never not pitching
people but then I also have to kind of
temper that with this really super
strong desire to get clients so I'm
doing a lot of outreach for that a lot
of pitching I have a really strong like
structure that I'm using to get new
clients which is great
trying to like continue to build on the
existing clients I have who are awesome
I'm really happy to have and really
grateful for but like if I'm not growing
this there there's no such thing as
passive income like all it takes is a
client or two to be like oh I don't have
any more money
you know the recession that I'm pretty
convinced is going to come at some point
soon it's going to happen and people are
going to get sheepish and not want to
spend money to make money and I got to
be ready for that so that's a big part
of it as well
so it's constantly trying to
play the long game but also like balance
that with playing the short game so in
this year-long structure like what that
basically looks like is starting out the
year.i 100% focused on content marketing
SEO just building my email is super
naturally you know not really trying to
growth hack anything just really
building a really solid firm foundation
that will can be able to continue to
build on over time and what I'm working
on now is continuing that but also
trying to really start the planning
phases I have like a four month process
for building out like a virtual summit
where I'm going to get a bunch of
speakers who are amazing and they and I
are going to just share on a bunch of
different things and do some interviews
and just really teach to teach a bunch
of really important topics for
photographers related to their business
and that'll really grow my email list we
might sell something on it I don't know
I'm not sure how that's going to end up
working out I'm super excited about it
right it'll be able to provide a lot of
value to the photography community I
feel like a lot of the people that are
teaching business in photography are
photographers who got tired of running
their photography business and we're
like oh I'll just do some online
marketing stuff like they don't they
don't have the background in online
marketing that I do and I think I can
provide a lot of value there I'm really
excited about it and I think obviously
like in any of that comes more clients a
bigger email list and then kind of going
through the end of the year we have
plans for a YouTube channel for week by
we I mean I have plans for a YouTube
channel for photo MBA have plans for a
daily podcasts have plans for a bunch of
different stuff to just really become a
content marketing beast and really
really try to ramp up building that list
building that community building my
client base and things like that that's
really like the plan for the year a the
only thing that's really changed from
the initial inception of it was
initially I wasn't going to play the
long game I was just going to go 100%
clients not worry about my own stuff not
build a list or any of that and I
decided I really want to play the long
game I didn't want to build a business
that I hated like I did with my
jiu-jitsu company which I didn't and hey
it but it ended up becoming not what I
wanted long term and I want to build a
business that I'm proud to run in five
years ten years etc so I think towards
the end of the year we really do that
and then you know as we moved forward in
the year I have a bunch of other plans
to like we'll move from being more b2b
business to business to being more
business to consumer as well so we'll
have courses we'll have digital products
we'll have a bunch of different things
that I've done successfully before but
I'm excited to do with this business as
well we're at clients we're at
continuing to build the SEO base we're
planning out the virtual summit we're
planning out the course and I'm pretty
stoked on all that like I'm really
excited to the future of this business I
have a little a little sip of coffee
here let's fantastic it's black black
coffee
that's how you say you supposed to drink
coffee I don't know I don't really care
I've been bred and Huffer don't forget
to work hard be nice people don't get
too lost trying to create a business
that matters my dog is completely
unimpressed by the vlog being being
being I love you